Long Distance Friendship And Failure To Decline

With a sidewound swipe  
The water vestige on my screen  
Was far less wiped, and much  
More smudged than it previously  
Might have seemed.

And so my phone, hydropossessed,  
Was lost to water and the nautilus,  
It saw the presence of the ringing,  
And chose not to allow me to  
Pass it by without much thinking.

When it read the screen, picked up the call,  
I sent hello to the receiver as I stalled,  
Was suspicious why she was up  
But was glad to have her here, even if  
Wondering for the reasons why.

She said that she was procrastinating,  
Burning time until exams,  
She said that she'd swap out our weather,  
To get the frostbite from out  
Her hands.

I asked her why decide to ring?  
I'm sure she's busy, and  
Short on time, that she's  
Flush with tasks and  
Better things.  
Maybe studies to help her pass the time?

She said she's strapped and straddled  
To the weather, like the ghost of winter's past,  
Played lattice-addled by a dental rattle,  
As it viced the frostbite  
In its clasp.

The last we spoke she felt as home,  
But as she oversaw the lonely road,  
She wondered what new tales I brought,  
Wondered what new stories I might hold.

Something brave, or something bold,  
Something a little less devoid,  
Maybe recounting of a place less cold,  
Could help her, maybe, to  
Fill this hole

Now, that is callous, my sister grim,  
Have you called with aforethought malice,  
And intent to sin? I can't in kindness answer you,  
To start this discourse  
Takes both the two.

She asked me why I went back home.  
And I counterqueried for how she knows.  
She asked me not to think her crazy,  
Then proceeded to try to make me dizzy.

She said that she simply felt my walk,  
That we shared mycelia 'neath our stalks,  
And I know that this should have me crazy,  
Or at the very least, just slightly spellbound,  
And maybe even a little dizzy...

But I replied to her: "thank you dumbass,  
For calling me. Always nice to have you around,  
You're a lovely break from the droning numb,  
From the cacophony of these buzzing sounds".