Steph's Public Execution

You talked me into a shitty bar,
I can't remember which one it was,
But I suppose that we drank too much,
I've only fragments from that Wednesday night.

My hand locked up and gripped my cup,
My senses numb but nerves stabbed sharp,
Pain closed my hand, commanded glass:
Shatter into shards of smelted sand.

You left me on red, here at the counter,
When you found a friend in a chance encounter,
And you went to speak to her a while,
That's when a stupid boy came to waste my time.

He asked me if we're dating or you're single,
I told him we're acquaintances at most,
So he started talking but with every word
I wanted to render him a ghost unheard.

It won't be murder, just a product recall,
My hands were thorny, filled with glass,
Weaponised with a broken restless stance,
But I lack the ire and hardly had the wrath.

After all the comments, and sultry things,
I excused myself to go and find a sink,
Picked my hand of all the foreign things,
And returned to him buying me a drink.

A suggestion to leave is not enough,
Alone, or with you, I couldn't care,
Just be anywhere except where I am,
I hate looking at him shoot that stare.

And he knew my hate so very well,
Asked why it matters where he glares,
While he scanned you from head to chest,
And my eyes locked onto his stare.

Head to chest,
Then chest again,
Followed promptly
By something worse,
And something else,
Something less innocent.
Remove me from this world.
I'm finished with the earth.

I'm so ready for the permanent commitment,
Of a 6-feet deep wedlock with the hallowed dirt,
For the happenstance of subsequent events
Made me wish my life was 2 decades curt.

He asked me how to 'pick you up',
I thought 'fuck it, I'll give him a line',
Something stupid and obfuscated,
But he said his way outranked mine.

I tried to talk him out, he said that I was bitter,
I gave him retreat, he said that he was better,
So I said "durst you plead, do as you please,
For Whatever done, I guarantee, it's not as sweet".

So I watched him get up, walk to you,
Get into that unassuming guillotine,
I sat court-side to the execution's
Non-exclusive first-hand screening.

And that made him corpse,
A vessel for a wayward ghost,
A murder played on video,
A case now labelled 'closed'.