A Square Metre Of Calm In A Hailstorm: The Car Alarms Already Deafened Me, It's Quiet Here Now

Yestermonth On A Single Incoherent Page

The past two months, have been so unequivocally calm in my head, but so incredibly fucking laden with chaos in reality.

I didn't see the full brunt of the chaos until now, but don't really feel it. On reflection, this is the most eventful segment of half a decade.

I don't want things to keep happening at random arbitrary fucking times. Impromptu is different than circumstantial. I want to make plans on no notice. I don't want plans to make me without my noticing.

I'm short an explanation,
For all the people in my path,
Feel like the deck wasn't shuffled,
Before life dealt me my hand.

Coz I've got five aces in my hold,
And they're each a different suit,
I think my game has been doctored,
Or maybe the rules are confused.

No, this can't be to spite me,
Life can't just have set the table,
Only to dangle me the promise of,
Before promptly retracting 'stable'.

I met a bookstore that grew legs,
She was looking for a label,
But she only found a fable,
In the name I gave her: 'sable'.

I met an old woman and a neighbour,
She invited me for darkbreak tea,
But what I needed more than chamomile,
Was the false promise I could breathe.

Coz I've spent a month inside the undertow,
I hope the riptide comes to set me free,
Hope that I break the fucking surface,
So I can maybe I can breathe.

Saw her granddaughter in the AM,
Feel like I dodged the setup,
Only to set myself up, coz I'm
All my sabotage, and that's enough.

I wanna go and look for,
A coworker I had known,
But 'out of proportion' was the only
Direction that the wind had blown.

Coz when she put whiskey in my coffee,
I felt a little bit of the amberlight,
That was the morning telling me,
To quit out from this sorry night.

It feels doctored,
It feels doctored,
Don't know what I need,
But it isn't a doctor.

Coz I met a doctor on the hill,
Quiet in composure, sat perfectly still,
She gave me spirits for my spirits,
But proximity felt like motive to kill.

And in my visit to the hospital,
After one turning of the earth,
I found an encore of our meeting,
As a nosebleed traced my shirt.

I can still feel her watching me,
And she can't help but interfere,
I'm halfway sure she's left this place,
For fear she'll never be wanted here.

I ran into a friend, attached to a bench,
On the wrong end as well, a campus away,
And he put something in my shotglass,
Started a game I never wanted to play.

But he gave me a 'thank you',
And asked for some writing,
It was a final request,
For his previous sighting.

He met with the doctor,
And I'm happy he's loose,
Coz I only have so much
Sole for his fuse.

I called all my friends,
I was made to cut off,
But I couldn't return,
Time apart was never enough.

Scotland moved to Lisbon,
Found a hand that she could hold,
Go back home next semester,
Why is it you need to be told‽

Scotland told me to come,
Told me that this wasn't over,
And however much time had passed,
I still could be closer.

And Lisbon gave me a call,
Said she'd fly me on over,
But I don't want this rekindled,
I want this thing to be over.

So I gave her lover a visit,
She was broke, with a kid,
She asked me to stay,
But I turned down the bid.

I saw her house in a dream,
Thought I'd grant it my presence,
And I've got so much left in me,
But not any patranescence.

Almost left the past in the past,
We're what? Three quarters the way?
But the last quarter is skin,
That I don't wanna flay.

I feel like I'm paying a tariff,
For a border in time,
Not a geographic divide,
But a blurrier line.

And I'm short on the blood-tax,
Think that it's overdue,
But my inventory is left,
Both smashed and askew.

And despite all this,
I'm still living at peace,
I just wish circumstance
Let me do it with ease.