My Scars Are Photosensitive

Or well, the ones under my clothes anyway. I love the one on my hand, but sometimes the way you two stare it down makes me a little uncomfortable.

I think I needed to have been sober
To register what you were trying to do,
So you told me as directly as you could,
"Kid, I want these clothes removed".

But I clutched my clothes with grave restraint,
You seemed so frustrated by rejection,
So you crawled onto, then straight past me,
To kneel ironically, as a paperweight upon my sleeves.

One knee placed upon my shoulder,
And the other by my windpipe,
You raided a drawer for some whiskey,
And said "found a drink, so bottoms up".

You said that now we'd both be out,
The same distance removed from sober,
That my consent'd be as true as yours
By the time that we would start the motions.

Perched, your shirt hung out to fall on air,
My eye caught the corner of your waist,
I realised that you looked more healthy,
And asked "you've been eating every day?"

To which you replied with: "Yeah I have,
Guess I must've gained some weight..."

But I didn't intend to ask that way...
You said that sentence with such disdain,
But you're still so fucking gorgeous now,
No longer the outline of an empty frame.

Either way, you must have felt offended,
For you used all fours to scramble down,
Like a rat placed on a hot iron plate,
Or an insect trying desperately not to drown.

Either way, I was far from safe,
From her, to her, and to myself,
It felt like I was a mortal threat,
Like cause for our impending deaths.

But I suppose this vermin thing,
Had little care for our self-esteem,
And I had little resistance left,
So it slipped and squirmed its way on in.

She tried to bite,
And I declined. (It might scar)
I tried to hide,
She hit the lights. (I've got scars)

I was terrified
To meet her eyes. (To be seen)
I was petrified
To look inside. (To see me)

And when she'd got past all my clothes,
She went to count and point out scars,
She excavated me with both her hands,
I never thought judgement could be so harsh.

And at the surface, it felt the same,
As anything I'd felt before,
But something underneath my skin,
Screamed at her to ask for more.

But asked for nothing she could ever give,
My heart wanted substance more than skin.