The Minute Train: Induction Procedure Context

"Before we have this conversation, Arya, you should know something."

"I started calling K as a way to ask about you. But I fell in love, and I'm sorry, I never meant to".

"But we feel what we feel, right? So I had to ask about this... I got a call from her one night, a little frantic, a little possessed: she said K put her there".

"Then I called K and she confirmed everything. But I had to know what you watched happen. I have to know who to blame".

The Minute Train: Departing At Platform 16

Consciousness comes once,
And then departs forever,
She forgot her tickets and
The bond of life lay severed.

We want to but can't touch the rail,
We all remember her absence,
Someone pull a heist and swap her
Ghost out with my essence.

The Minute Train: Departing For Platform 16

If you abled me to riftwalk,
Let my step travel through the clock,
I'd take the offer, gladly, promptly,
But I'd take it packaged with a glock.

We've got a target, we've got a bounty,
We've got lasersights in stock aplenty,
His name is 'who I was at 16' ,
So let's load the thing and we can hunt me.

The world is made of cracks,
And every caveat, and every crevice,
Is part of the single running track,
Of the minute train that we could
Never catch.

The Minute Train: A Formal Request To Reroute

"You know which one lurks my thoughts?
Amidst the company of nights that you
Have learned to tame with ease, there's
A single final one that you have never caught".

'Oh god, this old story? Skip the telling,
And I'll cut the yawns. We'll pull the
Bark from out this willow, coz asprin's what
Makes this tree worth felling'.

"Another telling, one more recount,
I've heard the night from their perspective,
I've seen their ulapool and bombard,
But what I'm missing is your account".

'My account is that which transpired,
You know my glasses aren't good,
But it's an enactment of events,
That won't expire, that's understood'.

"So you're saying all that was is all
That happened? That she just woke up
And she chose her anger?! That she
Just picked up that old hammer?".

'She was sober, the straighest edge,
A look would cut and see you dry,
So let me affirm, that if I was you,
I'd hedge your bets and I'd be through'.

"It's just you never talk about the thing,
And it can't be the worst you've ever seen.
I mean the death, the blood, and all the rest,
How could this be the hardest test?"

'You didn't see her eyes go wide,
You didn't see her personhood,
Tuck its tail, then run and hide.
You didn't see the beast confide.

'Didn't see what it had said,
Imprinted on the fabric of her fate,
I watched the second stumble, fall,
Then crawl and scramble for a gun'.

'Any word to shoot her down,
Anything to bring her back,
To reach her ears or wipe
Off that manic frown'.

'And she didn't stop,
She never twitched,
She kept going as
The scream lost pitch'.

"So what happened next?"

'She drove her to the hospital'.

"Why does every story end there?"

'They were cliché and were seeing red'.

"And why is this the scariest one, the one you never tell?"

'If I wasn't there, the outcome: myrder. If she can do that, then anyone could. I think that that's scary, wouldn't you?'

"Can you really know hypotheticals with such certainty?"

'Okay, fine. You watch someone powder a human hand, and then we'll talk'.